what's going on guys so I've had people
um either talking trash or saying that I
need to ladder up for to my sessions and
either they play only owe you where the
latter ratings are different or they
don't know the latter ratings can be
different depending on the tier what I
do before my battles is I try to level
up to the top 500 or around that but
what people don't realize is in oh you
the variations much larger because there
are more people playing it so you know
to get to like top 500 know you'd I have
to add to get around 1,700 that goes to
2,000 of course people have been asked
me to level up to like 1600 I need a
level up to 1600 before I play I level
up 1,600 and you I'm literally ranked
number four I don't have time for that
and I don't play to be uber competitive
I play more for fun I try to use
different pokemon regardless if they
synergize well or not I try to team
build well of course but I don't want to
use something just because it's gonna
win me in a game I like to use things
for fun and not be over competitive
because I'm not playing this for money
I'm not playing this for like a
championship or anything this is on a
simulator it's meant to be fun and to
test teams to try different things out
either to help you guys learn or to
entertain you guys or just use Pokemon
you guys like and I like and variety is
the spice of life that's why i think i
prefer in you more than anything but
yeah um for instance in my ru session i
got up to level I was uh like well 70 I
think before I even did the session and
I got up to like a hundred something by
the end of it so I do level up to get
good competition but I'm not aiming to
get to number 1 because I don't have
time I don't want to make a team that's
super try hard to do that and I'm not a
professional player you know I thought
them pretty good but I'm not amazing and
I don't build teams that completely
wreck shop I build teams for fun first
and foremost um so please stop asking me
to level up to something crazy when the
latter rating differs for every tier and
it gets lower the lower you go because
there's less people playing those
respective tears of course everybody's
gonna play over you it's been the
longest and it's the most competitive
you use the second you know most i've
been out the second longest is the most
confers the second most competitive etc
so i mainly play are you in you and you
you and rest assured when i do i will be
leveled up around the 500 mark so i can
get some good competition but not super
try hard competition so just be aware of
that and hopefully i can get a stream
later tonight for you guys I'm think
about streaming showdown maybe some
hearthstone as well so while yeah hope
you guys enjoyed the video hope this
explained thing so please stop asking me
the same thing over and over when I
already do below it up to 1600 and in
you it would literally take me like
probably all day and I would have to
make arm you know really a pretty
competitive team constantly be changing
stuff out and you know beta testing and
stuff like that um but yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video hope it
explained some things and lucky for you
I do play this particular guy on my nu
session he's ranked 18 now so you'll get
to see his team and see a pretty good
match of that hope you guys enjoyed the
video though if you did leave a like
rating and I'm out peace